docs: add CONTRIBUTING documentation for releasing specifically (#141)
mdx-js/eslint-mdx: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Hi! 👋 We’re excited that you’re interested in contributing!

## Core Guidelines

[Read the guidelines on the MDX website][contributing]

## Packages Releasing Difference

This project is a [lerna][] monorepo, so packages releasing is controlled by [lerna][].

1. Make sure you have both GitHub repository and npm write permissions at the same time.

> 2. Export an environment named `GH_TOKEN` for `lerna publish`.

Reviewer: People shouldn’t directly use `lerna publish`, right? If it shouldn’t be used, I suggest removing this bullet, as the next one already explains how to pass a GH token?

Author: @wooorm I meant to talk about exporting the environment globally inside something like `.bash_profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You need a GitHub token with a `public_repo` scope as `GH_TOKEN` in the
   environment to publish
```

Maybe like this?
